Java: `XRange`/`XRevRange` should return `null` instead of `GlideException` when given a negative count (#1920)
valkey-io/valkey-glide: CHANGELOG.md

#### Changes

#### Fixes

> * Java: Fix XRange/XRevRange with a negative count ([#1920](https://github.com/valkey-io/valkey-glide/pull/1920))

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
* Java: XRange/XRevRange should return null instead of `GlideException` when given a negative count ([#1920](https://github.com/valkey-io/valkey-glide/pull/1920))
```

Reviewer 2: This should be the PR name then

* Node: Added FUNCTION DELETE command ([#1990](https://github.com/valkey-io/valkey-glide/pull/1990))
* Node: Added FUNCTION FLUSH command ([#1984](https://github.com/valkey-io/valkey-glide/pull/1984))
* Node: Added ZMPOP command ([#1994](https://github.com/valkey-io/valkey-glide/pull/1994))

> * Node: Fix ZADD bug where command could not be called with only the `changed` optional parameter ([#1995](https://github.com/valkey-io/valkey-glide/pull/1995))

Reviewer 2: Move this back please
